<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>Charles Thomas Stocky</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px' >2005 Willowcreek Dr</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>Austin, TX 78756</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>512-9880100</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>charles.stocky@protonmail.com</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px;'><a href='https://github.com/CharlesStocky'>github</a></h3>

<h1>EXPERIENCE</h1>

<b>Javascript Projects</b><br>
Aug 2016 – present<br>

<a href='https://github.com/charlesstocky/debugger.html'>debugger.html</a> Firefox's potential replacement for its current debugger<br>
 - Debugged and fixed front-end bugs.<br> 
 - Improved UI/UX design.<br>
 - Gained familiarity with a large codebase on the fly. <br>
 - Deepened understanding of React component's lifecycle and state management. <br>
 - Introduced the use of functional programming as a method of sane data mutation and maintaining code readability.<br>
 - Added tools to JS utility-belt. <br>


<a href='https://coupizza.com'>Coupizza.com</a> Pizza coupon finder that's filterable by zip code <br> 
 - Used external REST APIs (Facebook GraphAPI, TwitterAPI) as a source of data, munged data using custom algorithms. Implemented CRUD operations using MongoDB.<br>
 - Setup an Nginx proxy server for added security, proxied requests to Node (Express) server.  <br>
 - Implemented client-side React code for UI. Used React-router to maintain client-sidedness. Setup GET requests to API for relevant data. <br>  
 - Increased development work-flow productivity/efficiency with the use of build-tools. Setup HMR/automated page-refresh using Webpack. <br> 
 - Successfully setup virtual hosting environment using DigitalOcean's droplets. Implemented various automated shell operations<br>

<h1>SKILLS</h1>

<b>Programming</b> – Experienced with Javascript and object-oriented patterns, Node.js and
asynchronous concepts, as well as React’s declaractive programming paradigm.
Experienced in Python and in building user interfaces using HTML/CSS/CGI.
Experienced with SQL and noSQL databases. <br>

<b>Platforms</b> – Very familiar with Windows, MacOS, and Linux (Kali,
Ubuntu, and Debian).<br>

<b>Communication</b> – Able to write and speak clearly, skilled at using clear and concise
language to convey pertinent information to others.<br>

<h1>Libraries/Frameworks</h1>
React (react-router)<br>
Node.js runtime environment (Express, Socket.io)<br> 
Backbone<br> 
Jquery<br>
Redux<br> 
Jest, Selenium (as well as other automated testing libraries)<br>


<h1>TOOLS</h1>
Text editors - Sublime, Atom, VIM(editor of choice.)<br>
Git - Version control<br>
Chrome dev-tools/React-dev-tools - Front-end debugging<br>
Postman - API debugging<br>
Docker - Isolated environment/dependencies management<br>
Webpack - Code bundling/HMR  <br>
Jest - Automated JS testing<br>
PM2 - Node process manager<br>
Webflow - CMS (project currently in development)<br>
